.TH "libprelude-config" 1 "2 May 2016"
.SH NAME
libprelude\-config \- helper script for building with libprelude
.LP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B libprelude\-config
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B libprelude-config
is a simple shell script used to determine the compiler and linker flags that
should be used to compile and link programs that use the libprelude library.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 15
.PD 0
.B \-\-prefix=dir
If specified, use dir instead of the installation prefix that the library was
built with, when computing the output for the \-\-cflags and \-\-libs options.
This option must be specified before any \-\-libs or \-\-cflags options. This
option is also used for the exec prefix if the \-\-exec-prefix option is not
specified.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-exec\-prefix=dir
If specified, use dir instead of the exec installation prefix that the library
was built with, when computing the output for the \-\-cflags and \-\-libs
options. This option must be specified before any \-\-libs or \-\-cflags options.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-config\-prefix
Print the directory prefix where libprelude configuration is installed on the
standard output.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-version
Print the currently installed version of the library on the standard output.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-c++
If specified, indicate that the linkage will be done with a C++ library
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-libs
Print the linker flags that are necessary to link with the specified library.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-ldflags
Print the LDflags that are necessary to compile a program using the specified
library.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-cflags
Print the compiler flags that are necessary to compile a program using the
specified library.
.TP
.PD 0
.B \-\-pthread\-cflags
Print the pthread compiler flags that are necessary to compile a program using
the specified library.
.SH AUTHOR
This man page has been written by CS-SI
